* M.O.S.I.S Meeting Log                                                 :TOC:
  - [[#30aug2023][30/Aug/2023]]
  - [[#31aug2023][31/Aug/2023]]
  - [[#1sep2023][1/Sep/2023]]

** 30/Aug/2023
1. Discussed how to setup LaTeX environment on Eduardo's computer.

** 31/Aug/2023
1. Created Add team name/members document.
2. Created team name and pirate rules document.
3. Started project schedule.


** 1/Sep/2023
1. Divided proposal body equally.
2. Progressed on Project schedule.
